Hello. So far we have learned how important data consumers are.
Equally important are data producer.
What type of data is generated and how much data is generated
define several aspects of our data infrastructure.
In this lesson, we will learn about data producers.
Next we will explore event data,
and we will do event data modeling.
After that, we will look at different types of data producers.
We will talk about data producers that are mostly hidden in the back of an organization,
that manage operations and drive efficiency.
Further, we will touch upon the concepts of structured,
semi-structured, and unstructured data with examples.